# RC4 Encryption and Brute-Force Attack

## Overview

This project consists of two C programs, `RC4.c` and `RC4Attacker.c`, implementing the RC4 encryption algorithm and a parallelized brute-force attack on the encrypted text. The RC4 algorithm is used for encryption, and the attacker program attempts to decrypt the ciphertext by trying all possible keys in parallel using a thread pool.

## Files

1. **RC4.c**
   - Implements the RC4 encryption algorithm.
   - Generates a ciphertext by encrypting a sample plaintext with a specified key.
   - Outputs the encrypted bytes to the standard output.

2. **RC4Attacker.c**
   - Performs a parallelized brute-force attack on the ciphertext generated by `RC4.c`.
   - Utilizes a thread pool to explore all possible keys and decrypt the ciphertext.
   - Outputs the decrypted text when a valid plaintext is found.

## Compilation and Execution

- To compile the program, use a C compiler such as GCC:

```bash
# Cloning the repo to local machine.
git clone https://github.com/Mohanadsfe/ParallelPrimeCounter

# Building all the necessary files 
gcc -o RC4 RC4.c -lm -pthread
gcc -o RC4Attacker RC4Attacker.c -lm -pthread
```

- To run the programs, execute the following command in the terminal:

```bash
./RC4 | ./RC4Attacker
```

This command runs `RC4` to generate the ciphertext and pipes it into `RC4Attacker`, which attempts to decrypt the text by trying all possible keys in parallel.

## RC4.c Details

- **Input:** None
- **Output:** Ciphertext generated by encrypting a sample plaintext with a specified key.
- **Usage:**
  ```bash
  ./RC4
  ```

## RC4Attacker.c Details

- **Input:** Ciphertext generated by `RC4.c` through a pipe.
- **Output:** Decrypted text obtained by attempting to decrypt the ciphertext using a parallelized brute-force attack.
- **Usage:**
  ```bash
  ./RC4 | ./RC4Attacker
  ```

## Notes

- The attacker program uses a thread pool with multiple threads to efficiently explore the keyspace.
- The attacker sequentially goes through all possible keys until a valid plaintext is found.
- Progress is displayed, indicating the number of keys checked by the attacker.

Feel free to experiment with different plaintexts and keys to observe the behavior of the RC4 algorithm and the effectiveness of the parallelized brute-force attack.

## Authors

- **Matan Weiss**
- **Zohar Simhon**